add old code compat to the readme (#459)
nim-works/nimskull: readme.md

to evolve it.
</details>

<details>
<summary class="blue">Will this break my Nim code?</summary>
</br>

> Maybe. This project ais to become a different programming language, so some breakages can be expected. At the same time there are a lot of features that we intend to keep, so it is highly likely that most code will require only superficial alterations if any. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project aims to become a different programming language, so do not expect source code compatibility. If you want Nim then use it.

```

Reviewer: Done, let's not waste time pretending any code will work.

Reviewer 2: Much better
